>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And I
think many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And of course, you're
noticing that we're
in a different environment.
We're in the Los Angeles
studios of Gaiam Television,
not back in the Denver area.
But you know what?
My guest tonight is
LA Marzulli, and he
comes to us from all
over the universe
to talk about his
"Watchers" series
and "On the Trail
of the Nephilim."
LA, welcome.
>>LA MARZULLI:
Thank you, George.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Good to
have you with us.
>>MARZULLI: It's
nice to be here.
>>NOORY: You're on "Coast
to Coast" so often.
On the phone, we really don't
have a chance to interact.
>>MARZULLI: This is wonderful.
This is fantastic.
>>NOORY: But it was fun
seeing you last year
at the UFO Congress where
we gave you and Richard Shaw
an award for your
work on the Nephilim
and the "Watchers" series.
>>MARZULLI: That was fantastic.
We won People's Choice and
the Best Film that year.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
That was great.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
What drives you by the way?
What pushes you into this field?
Which, of course,
we'll get into.
It's very strange.
>>MARZULLI: It is.
Basically what's
motivating me is the idea
that supernatural events
happened thousands of years
ago.
And we read about
these, of course,
in the Judeo Christian Bible.
And are they real?
Is it fantasy?
The people that were
writing this stuff,
were they just making it up?
Were they high on
mushrooms or something?
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>MARZULLI: Or is there
evidence that actually
proves the biblical narrative?
And that's why I'm on the trail.
>>NOORY: Well, good for you.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Let's
talk, first of all,
about "On the Trail
of the Nephilim."
>>MARZULLI: Sure.
>>NOORY: And we'll get
into your "Watchers" series
in our other
portion of the show.
But who are the Nephilim?
>>MARZULLI: That's a
hot button question.
And there's a lot
of controversy.
But I hold the view
that the Nephilim
are the progeny of the
fallen angelic hosts
and the women of earth.
And this was never
supposed to happen.
>>NOORY: The offspring.
>>MARZULLI: The offspring.
And what we get is
this hybrid being--
because it is a hybrid
being-- known as the Nephilim.
They were incredibly powerful.
They were robust.
They were very large.
There were genetic
characteristics which we really
don't know anything about.
Interestingly enough,
the events of that time,
which happened
thousands of years ago,
tell us that the Nephilim were
on the earth in those days
and also afterward when the
sons of God or the fallen angels
saw the women of earth,
had sex with them.
And the offspring
is the Nephilim.
And this is what's so
interesting because when
Joshua and Caleb go into what's
known as the Promised Land,
or the Levant, about 3,500
years ago, guess who's there?
All these different
Nephilim tribes.
And these tribes
have different names.
The Longnecks, the Zamzummins,
the Rephaims, the Nephilim,
the Emins.
And each one of
these names denotes
a different genetic
characteristic of these tribes.
Some had six fingers.
Some are very large.
>>NOORY: Giant types?
>>MARZULLI: Giant types,
like Goliath, for instance,
probably 12 feet tall.
The Jewish historian Josephus
from the first century
writes about the Nephilim.
He talks about that the
bones of the Nephilim
were openly on display
in the first century.
So we know that
this stuff existed.
And my whole hypothesis
is, wow, Joshua and Caleb
are coming in with
the Israeli army,
essentially, wiping
these guys out
because they're hybrid beings.
And there's a diaspora.
Some flee northward.
Some build papyrus
boats and go out
the Mediterranean, which we
know Thor Heyerdahl proved that
with Kon-Tiki and Ra--
two amazing books.
And they settle in the Americas.
If the hypothesis is true,
then are there vestiges?
Are there remains?
Are there artifacts?
And of course, we think
that there are artifacts.
>>NOORY: I thought they were
wiped out, LA, in the flood.
>>MARZULLI: Well, that's
another controversial point.
Some people believe that all
the Nephilim were wiped out.
But the text is very clear.
When the text is written, it's
written actually thousands
of years after the flood.
Moses is getting all this on
Mount Sinai, which is thousands
of years after the flood.
So why wouldn't he
have just written
or been dictated to, let's
say, the Nephilim were
on the earth in those days.
Period.
Because we're talking about
something thousands of years
ago.
But that's not what he writes.
He writes, the Nephilim were
on the earth in those days
and also afterward.
And so what my conjecture
is, is also afterward
means exactly what it says.
And also afterwards.
And of course, this ties--
which is fascinating to me--
this ties into the
whole modern day UFO
phenomenon in my opinion.
There is a link.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
Explain that link.
>>MARZULLI: Well, the
link is incredible
because what we're
told, 2,000 years ago,
Yeshua-- Jesus-- warns us
in this prophetic utterance.
He says something
which is incredibly
strange and enigmatic.
He says, it'll be like the
days of Noah when I return.
It's like, what?
And remember, when
he's saying this,
there is no church
that we have today.
There's no televangelist.
Nothing.
It's just this one god-man
running around doing
all this amazing stuff.
But there's no PR campaign.
There's nothing.
And he makes this
absurd statement.
When I return, it'll be
like the days of Noah.
So that's a huge clue.
It points us back to what
differentiates the days of Noah
from any other
time on the planet?
And guess what?
When we read the
days of Noah, it's
not talking about human
beings inter-marrying.
It's talking about fallen
angels marrying the women,
creating this hybrid--
>>NOORY: Or breeding with them.
>>MARZULLI: Breeding with them,
creating the hybrid Nephilim.
And when you fast
forward to modernity,
this is exactly what we see with
the abduction phenomena where
sperm is taken, eggs are
taken, and a hybrid being
is being formed.
There's a connection.
>>NOORY: Where are the bones,
LA, of these supposed giants?
>>MARZULLI: Well, we
hear this over and over
and over again, George.
We hear that-- and this
happens, let's say--
>>NOORY: I want
to see the bones.
>>MARZULLI: I do, too.
Well, is this a Nephilim?
To my left, your right.
>>NOORY: It could
be an alien grave.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
Well, it's interesting that
people talk about the bones.
And we have in the historical
record from all over the United
States where, at the latter
part of the 19th century
into the 20th century, people
were digging into these mounds.
People were looking
at these mounds,
let's say, in Ohio Valley.
And they were going, what
the heck is in these mounds?
And they would go in and
do these very primitive
archaeological digs.
And lo and behold, they
would find 9, 10, 12 footers.
Some of them dressed
in copper armor.
Some of them with six
fingers, elongated skulls.
We've actually got pictures of
skeletons that were actually
found out on Catalina.
>>NOORY: The skull would have
to be about that big, right?
>>MARZULLI: Really, really big.
And they talk about this.
Men of letters write about it.
Doctors, lawyers talk
about seeing femur bones
over 30 inches in length.
That's a big guy.
And in case after
case, what happens
is the Smithsonian
Institute shows up.
We'll take the bones from you.
And they do.
>>NOORY: And they take them.
>>MARZULLI: And they take them.
And they're never seen again.
>>NOORY: Why do they hide them?
What's the big controversy?
>>MARZULLI: Because it goes
against the Darwinian paradigm,
which is sacrosanct
in both academia
and the scientific community.
And pretty much everybody
at the Smithsonian
are ardent Darwinists.
There is no supernatural.
Everything just happened here.
And yet, that's the paradigm
that they guard and do
so religiously to
guard that paradigm.
And anything, any artifact-- and
this sounds like a conspiracy,
but just a modicum of
research shows that we're not
being told the truth.
For instance, on Catalina
Island, I was out there, and--
>>NOORY: Off the
coast of California.
>>MARZULLI: Right
outside of Los Angeles.
There was a primitive
archaeologist
by the name of Ralph Glidden.
1919-- he's employed
by the Heye museum.
The Heye was later gobbled
up by the Smithsonian.
So he's employed by
the Heye, go out,
and see what you
can see out there.
So he's doing these digs.
And I've read his journals.
I mean, I've held
them in my hand.
And they're very
like-- one line.
Saw-- uncovered 20 Native
Americans with wampum and beads
and arrowheads.
And every now and
then, he discovers
something which is enigmatic.
And I've got photographic
proof of that.
And it's in "On the Trail
of the Nephilim: Volume 2."
The photograph that we saw came
from 1919 off Catalina Island.
It shows Ralph Glidden standing
in a recently excavated grave.
And in front of him is a
very large skeleton in situ.
In other words, it's been
uncovered exactly the same way
it was placed in repose.
OK.
It's uncovered.
And I looked at this, and
I'm just going, oh my gosh.
And the curator's there.
And it's like 9 o'clock
at night or whatever.
There's nobody in the museum.
It's just the two
of us in this room.
He looks at it, and he
goes, wow, that's amazing.
So we took the
photograph and we had
it analyzed by four different
people, three of them
completed the analysis.
All three of them put that
skeleton based on Ralph
Glidden's height of 5'8".
That skeleton came
in at over nine feet.
In the book, we rounded it
down to eight and 1/2 feet
so we were not being
accused of just
being sensationalist, right.
But there it is.
The smoking gun.
>>NOORY: If somebody
tried to falsify that,
could they have made those
kinds of bones in that era?
>>MARZULLI: Sure.
And that's what we're being--
the naysayers are going,
well, Ralph Glidden
was doing this.
If Ralph Glidden went
through all-- I mean,
it's a straw man
argument, and it sort
of collapses of its own weight.
Because if Glidden was
really trying to do that--
>>NOORY: It's an expensive hoax.
>>MARZULLI: --then why didn't
he do something with it?
He never did anything with it.
>>NOORY: No.
What do you get out of it
if you're gonna do that?
>>MARZULLI: He got
nothing out of it.
That photograph has
just been in some trunk
for the last 50, 60 years.
And no one discovered that
until-- because people go in
and they look at this stuff,
and they're not looking
for the same ones that I look.
And I'm looking for giants.
I'm looking for
evidence of the giants.
I'm looking for six fingers.
And we found another skeleton.
Lo and behold, this
one also turned out
to be about nine feet
with the sixth digit.
And this ties back into the
Native American oral tradition
of red-haired
cannibalistic giants that
were in the Americas.
And we've got some
photographic proof.
We believe we will find
the evidence at some point.
>>NOORY: And they traveled
from the Middle East and Egypt,
in that area.
>>MARZULLI: That's
our hypothesis.
That's what we believe.
And here's why.
When you go to Ohio and
the Great Circle Mound,
this was a huge complex.
And there was also
an octagon which
you could put-- the base
of the Great Pyramid
would fit inside
the octagon, which
is just a huge-- and edifice.
And it begs the question, who
were the people that did it?
And why get up on a Monday
morning and do this?
And we're looking at
building techniques.
We're looking at
astronomical alignments.
Who taught them this?
Native Americans didn't
deal with this stuff.
We've also found human sacrifice
was done at these sites.
And that always ties
back to the Middle East.
So this is why it's
so fascinating,
because the history that we've
been told is a lot of hooey.
>>NOORY: So these
bones, you believe,
are closeted somewhere
at the Smithsonian.
You're guessing.
>>MARZULLI: I would love
to be able to get in there.
It would be fascinating to
see what they really have.
>>NOORY: How many do
you think they have?
>>MARZULLI: Well, you
know, I was at one
of the museums in Chicago.
And you see artifacts
that they will display.
And it's very telling-- and
it's in-- it's "On the Trail 1,"
a huge spear point.
And underneath that, they don't
tell you where it was found.
They just say, this is more than
likely it's a Hopewell point.
So Hopewell is where
this ancient civilization
that-- really no one
knows where they came from
or what they even
called themselves.
And so this spearhead's
about this large.
And underneath, it says, this
is a ceremonial spearhead.
Well, how do you know that?
They don't know that.
They're guessing.
And my whole point
in the book is,
what if it's not ceremonial?
What if it's utilitarian?
Now we're looking at a
really big guy throwing
a very heavy spearhead.
>>NOORY: And how many
might there have been?
>>MARZULLI: Well, we think
there were a lot of them.
And "On the Trail 2," we
discovered a lance almost three
feet long made out of bronze.
And it was hammered.
And when we saw this artifact--
the owner of the artifact
brought it in and
wanted us to examine it.
And I'm there with
Chief Joseph Riverwind,
who's a Native American War
Chief-- the Taino tribe.
And we're all going, man, this
would be a really hard sword
to wield, right?
And Chief Joseph goes, no.
No.
And he's all excited.
We're going, what do you
mean no, it's not a sword?
And he goes, it's not a sword.
It's a lance.
And we go, a lance?
And he goes, yes.
Our oral tradition
and the oral tradition
of many Native
American tribes talk
about these red-haired
giants which
would come in with
these huge lances
and skewer three of
our braves together.
>>NOORY: At one time.
>>MARZULLI: At one time.
And guess what?
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MARZULLI: When we
all stood side by side,
that lance would pass easily
through the three of us.
So we've had it tested.
>>NOORY: And then some.
>>MARZULLI: And then some.
We've had that artifact tested.
The copper is incredibly pure.
And this is weird because
we met with the scientist.
And this person was very eager
and excited about the artifact.
So two months
later, we came back.
And that's when I met
her for the first time.
And they had a PR person
with the scientist monitoring
everything that she said.
She had been coached.
And all of a sudden,
the information
that we thought we were
going to get-- everything
was played down.
And the PR person
interrupted several times.
I mean, it was like, what's
going on here type of thing.
>>NOORY: Well,
happened to them, LA?
If they escaped
the flood of Noah
and they were able to
travel to the Americas,
what happened to them?
Where did they all go?
Did they just all die off?
Didn't they continue breeding?
What happened to them?
>>MARZULLI: This is
what's really interesting.
>>NOORY: And were the women 10
feet tall, too, the offspring?
Or were they just all men?
>>MARZULLI: This is where
it gets problematic.
A geneticist who has
examined some material
that the late Lloyd Pye
took out from Paracas
stated that the mitochondrial
DNA didn't match anything
in the genome.
Not Neanderthals,
not Homo sapien,
not Denisovan-- nothing.
He's all excited about this.
He also stated that,
perhaps because of this,
they were not viable.
In other words, maybe
they couldn't reproduce.
And the same thing, what we
see with the Paracas people
down in Paracas Peru, which
is right on the coast.
They show up right
in the timeline
around 3,500 years ago.
What a coincidence.
That's when the conquest
of the Levant is happening.
And the Nephilim tribes,
according to our hypotheses,
are fleeing the area.
And they're there for
about 1,500 years,
and then all of a sudden
they just disappear.
And no one knows
where they went.
Were they killed
off by the Inca?
Were they not viable?
The skull behind you, that
was an 18-month baby, which
we were able to unwrap.
But what's interesting is,
in 1842, two archaeologists
were down in Peru.
And this battle
was raging between,
oh, all these skulls
are cradle head-boarded,
where they bind the skulls
and they create the shape.
These guys are going,
well, maybe some of them.
But why are they doing this?
And they found a pregnant
woman who had been mummified.
And she was about
seven months pregnant.
So they're really
curious to see--
>>NOORY: Was she a giant?
>>MARZULLI: She was not a giant.
But when they opened her
up to view the baby--
and there's actually
a lithograph of it--
the skull was elongated.
And you can't elongate the
skull of a child in its mother's
womb.
>>NOORY: Until afterward.
>>MARZULLI: It's
not going to fly.
So something's going on here.
And it bolsters my hypothesis
that there's an outside agency
manipulating the genome.
And of course, that goes back
to the biblical narrative,
which was your first question.
And that's why we're
doing what we're doing.
>>NOORY: OK.
If they could not reproduce
and then they slowly died off
in time, why didn't the-- gosh,
you know, we say fallen angels,
are we talking biblical,
or are we talking ET's?
That's another thing.
>>MARZULLI: That's
another thing.
And it's so funny
because Chase Kloetske
and I have sat down
and talked about this.
And she was the one
who alerted me to this.
And she made the switch.
And she basically said,
oh, I got to the point
where I just substituted--
instead of ET,
I began to substitute
fallen angel.
And I realized that
the phenomena parallel.
>>NOORY: It's one in the same.
>>MARZULLI: It's
one in the same.
>>NOORY: Yup.
>>MARZULLI: In a classic
sense, the fallen angels
are certainly extraterrestrial
because this is not their home.
So that--
>>NOORY: I've always
suspected that.
Always.
>>MARZULLI: Well, that's
what we're looking at,
in my opinion.
That's what I think
we're looking at.
>>NOORY: It's dramatic.
So "On the Trail of the
Nephilim," how close are you?
>>MARZULLI: I think we're
going to get DNA samples out
of Peru legally.
That's what we're trying to do.
We're working with a
team of archaeologists
and anthropologists.
Of course, Brien
Foerster is key to that.
And we hope to get them
out sometime this year.
We've got two labs which will
be doing the testing on them.
So it's not a blind study,
but we've got two labs.
And we'll be able to see.
Once we get the results, we
will hold a press conference
and invite the powers that
be to look at our findings.
>>NOORY: And you'll announce
it on "Coast to Coast."
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And "Beyond
Belief," of course.
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
Sure.
>>NOORY: What is the Peruvian
government say about all this?
>>MARZULLI: They
hold the party line.
They believe that the
Paracas people migrated,
but they're not sure from where.
The party line is that they
came down from the highlands,
but they don't, because
their tapestries are
completely unique.
Their pottery is
There's nothing that--
it doesn't hold water.
And that's why one of the
archaeologists that we've
been talking to,
who's Peruvian, is
really intrigued by where the
Paracas people originated from.
And that's why he joined
the team, our effort,
to try to find out.
And really we've looked at--
for this little guy here,
he had red hair.
And we've analyzed that hair
with raman spectroscopy.
Steven Colburn, Dr.
Roger Leir, we did that.
And we compared it
to a whitish hair
that came from someone who
had been abducted and forced
to have sex with a hybrid being.
Now that's wacky to
talk about that stuff.
But what they found
was-- and Steven did--
and it's all in
"On the Trail 2."
He did four hairs.
He tested four hairs.
The first one was a human hair.
The second one was
a dyed human hair.
>>NOORY: Third was
Bigfoot, right?
>>MARZULLI: Well, the third was
the red hair from this skull
here--
>>NOORY: I want to talk to
you about that in a second.
>>MARZULLI: OK.
And the fourth hair
was the blond hair
from a so-called
alien hybrid being.
And the human hair goes
like this on the graph.
It just kind of goes like that.
The dyed human hair
comes in on the graph
and the slope just
goes straight up.
But this is where
it gets interesting.
The red hair from Paracas
and the white hair
from the hybrid, their slopes
track like this-- every little
jot and tittle all the way up.
And when we saw that, we
were just beside ourselves
because it seems to
show a relationship
between genetic manipulation
that happened thousands
of years ago in Paracas
to what's happening today
in the modern day UFO
abduction phenomenon.
There seems to be a link there.
>>NOORY: In your
"Watchers" series,
is there a clip there you
recommend that we take a quick
look at right now--
>>MARZULLI: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: --that deals with this?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah. "Watchers
8" is just fantastic.
The unwrapping of the
baby skull is phenomenal.
When Senor Juan holds
that in the daylight
and you see the
strawberry blond hair--
that's not supposed to be there.
>>NOORY: All right.
Well, let's take a
little look at that.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>All right.
>>Put a 5 next to that.
Thank you.
>>[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>>The patterns and designs on
this 2,000-year-old fabric are
so fine that only the best
craftsmen of the fabric arts
would be doing this.
The only reason they
would be doing that
would be for a royal personage.
The finer the fabric,
the higher the rank,
just like the finer the
pottery, the finer the design
work on a pot, represents rank.
So this clearly was a
person of royal heritage.
>>OK.
I got it.
>>Just-- just--
>> I got it.
>>I think just hold it.
>>I'll get it.
>>OK.
I don't wanna rip it.
>>Hm.
>>Hold it.
Oh my gosh.
>>There it is.
>>Whoa.
>>That's it.
It's coming off.
There it is.
Right there.
>>OK.
>>Oh, that's amazing.
>>Wow.
Look at that.
>>Can you hold it up, Joe?
>>It's-- OK.
>>You still have
that to come off.
>>Well, there he is right there.
>>Oh my gosh.
>>Wow.
Look at that.
>>Look at how big that is.
>>Wow.
>>Lower jaw is trying to move.
That's natural, guys.
That's no head-boarding job.
>>Holy cow, that's huge.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Now that
was an amazing clip.
And I want you to
describe for us, LA,
exactly what we just saw.
>>MARZULLI: This
little skull, which
we call the baby skull--
because it is-- it's
about an 18-month-old child.
It was originally in
Senor Juan's museum.
And it came from a place
known as Chongos Necropolis.
And Chongos is one of the
bleakest places I've ever been.
It looks like the Sahara Desert.
It's just nothing but dunes and
sand as far as the eye can see.
And yet, right next
to it is a green belt
because there's an underground
river that flows there.
And as you walk
through Chongos, it's
been raided for the
last 500 years--
since the Spanish
conquistadors came in.
And what we see is-- at your
feet-- mummy wrappings, femur
bones, parts of skulls, hair.
>>NOORY: You've got it all.
>>MARZULLI: Everything's there.
A warrior slingshot
from 1,000 years.
Some of this stuff
should be in museums.
And it's not.
And it's just laying there.
And when we were there,
we went to the place
where three skulls were
taken from a grave.
And one of those skulls was
what we call the baby skull.
And it was wrapped.
That was the first trip down.
>>NOORY: Would you
call this a baby skull?
>>MARZULLI: No.
This is--
>>NOORY: That's not.
>>MARZULLI: That's an adult.
But by the way, this
particular specimen,
when we went in and looked
at the brain capacity,
it had about 30%
more cranial capacity
than a normal human
being should have.
>>NOORY: So it should be
30% more intelligent, right?
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
And there's no
sagittal suture here.
It's missing a sagittal suture.
So there's only
one parietal plate.
A normal human skull should
have a sagittal suture there.
And we see this on
many of the skulls.
But the baby skull was
found in this grave.
And what we did is we
asked Senor Juan, who's
the curator of the museum,
can we unwrap the skull?
And Senor Juan said yes.
So the second time
we came down there,
we came down with a crew.
We had an
archaeologist with us--
Joe Taylor from the
Mount Blanco Museum.
We did the unwrapping.
Richard Shaw was
there, of course.
We're filming
everything on tape.
What we found was
just astounding.
And it took Joe about
four or five hours
to unwrap it very carefully.
The textiles that were
shown-- and we carbon
dated it, by the way.
It's about 2,000 years old.
So it's the end of
the Paracas era.
It suddenly dies out.
And the textiles, the colors
are still vibrant, even
after 2,000 years.
And all of a sudden, we get
a glimpse of the hair color.
And it's not black.
And it's not coarse.
It's strawberry blond.
And when we took that
skull out into the light,
we just went, oh my gosh.
Unbelievable.
That's a first.
>>NOORY: It is.
>>MARZULLI: It
really is a first.
>>NOORY: Why would
it be blond or red?
>>MARZULLI: Well, this goes
back into our hypothesis.
This is what's so fascinating.
So far, the hypothesis is
that the Nephilim tribes
fled the Levant, fled
the Promised Land,
and migrated to different
parts of the world--
seems to be holding its own.
And if that baby skull
had coarse black hair,
then that was, well, OK
so that-- but what we see
is the baby skull has strawberry
blond hair, which originates
from the Middle East.
What's interesting is once
we get the DNA samples,
we'll be able to see what
haplogroup it comes from.
And we'll be able
to pretty much rest
the case one way or the other.
Well, these people did not
originate across the Bering
Strait 10,000 years ago at
the end of the last ice age.
They came from the Middle East.
Whoa.
This is what we're up against.
>>NOORY: LA, if we
assume for a moment
that the fallen angels
were extraterrestrials
and that they mated with
the daughters of man,
and the Nephilim offspring
came about from them,
do we have any idea
what star system they
might have come from?
Are there any clues?
Is there anything there?
>>MARZULLI: Well, we get a lot
of the idea from Orion's Belt,
the Pleiades, UFO contact
from the Pleiades,
Billy Meier, Sirius,
that whole thing
with the tribe and all that.
It's interesting.
There seems to be
gateways and there
seems to be portals
in the universe
where entities come and go.
What bothers me--
>>NOORY: Well, they've learned
how to bend space and time.
>>MARZULLI: I agree.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: It's my
old-- put two dots
on two ends of a piece of
paper and fold them together.
>>MARZULLI: I agree.
And they're able to
do that with ease.
But as Dr. David Jacobs
says, it's future physics.
We don't know how they operate.
>>NOORY: We're not there yet.
>>MARZULLI: Again, Jacques
Vallee-- and I always
hail back to Jacques Vallee.
He's one of the founding
fathers of ufology.
And he states that
these entities seem more
like interdimensional entities
than they do extraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: And he thinks
they're more demonic, right?
>>MARZULLI: Well, that's
the paradigm I embrace.
I think that what we're looking
at so far-- and everybody
I've ever interviewed
and every book I've ever
read on the subject,
there doesn't
seem to be a lot of
good guys out there.
And people say, well, the
Grays are the bad guys
and Tall Whites
are the good guys.
Well, OK, but why not give
us the cure to cancer?
>>NOORY: But there
aren't any good ones.
>>MARZULLI: It
doesn't seem like it.
>>NOORY: It tells you if
this universe is the same--
and I believe it is--
that primordial soup
in this universe is the same.
Planets are the same.
The sun is the same.
Stars are the same.
It's all the same.
I think the psyche
of the human mind
is the same as the
psyche of an ET.
And I don't think they change.
I think they're
a warring people.
They're greedy people.
They're all kinds of things.
I think it's the same.
>>MARZULLI: I would go as far
as to say that they're evil
because when you take
a five-year-old--
>>NOORY: More so than we are.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
Absolutely.
When you take a five-year-old
from his or her bed
and they're awake and they're
completely terrorized by what's
going on, that's evil.
>>NOORY: That's evil.
>>MARZULLI: That's evil.
And that's what goes on.
>>NOORY: Or you don't
bring them back.
>>MARZULLI: Or you
don't bring them back.
David Paulides.
>>NOORY: Take a few minutes here
and talk about the late Roger
Leir and some of his work.
You were working with him.
What happened?
>>MARZULLI: Dr. Rogar Leir was
instrumental in our "Watchers"
series.
He was featured in "Watchers 1."
And of course, "Watchers 8" was
the last time we filmed him.
And Roger and I had
many conversations
about the ancient scriptures,
religion, Judaism,
Christianity.
We would go around and
around about all this stuff.
And what did it for
Roger-- the last time
I ever spoke to him
was at Seal Lab.
This was two days after we
had taken an implant out.
And here's the backstory
to that implant.
And this was all on film.
It's all in "Watchers
7" and "Watchers 8."
We had a man, whom
we call Bill, who
said he had an implant
below his right knee.
OK.
The first thing
Dr. Roger Leir did
was, well, let's get an x-ray.
Sure enough, there's
something there.
Then the next thing was,
let's get a CAT scan.
Sure enough, the
CAT scan comes back,
there's an implant
in the guy's knee.
>>NOORY: There's
something there.
A little tiny thing.
>>MARZULLI: A little
tiny thing about the size
of a lead pencil.
Dr. Leir takes a Gauss
meter-- it measures
magnetic field-- puts
it next to the implant;
it's registering 8.0 to 8.5
milligauss on the Gauss meter.
Richard's camera is
only showing 10 points.
I mean, what's going on here?
It's bizarre.
So the technology, what is this?
It's giving off a radio
frequency which we
think is about 330 gigahertz.
A stud finder picks it up.
So now we take him to the
surgeon's office-- ultrasound
machine-- takes the wand
for the ultrasound, squirts
a little gel where the
implant's supposedly.
Oh, there it is right there.
OK, we'll see you in two weeks.
So we know it's there.
We've got all the
scientific evidence
that there's a metallic implant.
The day the surgery comes,
three film crews are there.
Dr. Leir is assisting.
Dr. Matriciano is
the head surgeon.
I'm there.
Steven Colbern is there,
the chief of science.
We got 15 people in the
waiting room, HD monitor.
It's a whole production for us.
And the patient's
lying on the bed.
And Matriciano takes the
x-ray, puts it over his leg,
puts a little dot there.
And for the next
hour and 20 minutes,
goes over a little three
inch by eight inch strip
of flesh on this guy's leg.
It's not there.
He can't find anything.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>MARZULLI: It's not there.
And Matriciano turns
to Leir and goes,
maybe we should
get another x-ray.
And Roger goes, oh, it's there.
I know it's there.
You know, typical
doctor Leir thing.
>>NOORY: They never found it?
>>MARZULLI: God rest his soul.
>>NOORY: LA, thanks for
being on the program.
>>MARZULLI: OK.
Thanks, George.
>>NOORY: I appreciate it.
But they never
found it, did they?
>>MARZULLI: No, we did.
>>NOORY: Oh, you did?
>>MARZULLI: That's the
kicker of the story.
>>NOORY: Where was it?
>>MARZULLI: I prayed.
I prayed a short, simple prayer.
I said, Father, if there are
forces cloaking this device,
I pray that you would
break it and do it soon.
Less than two minutes
later, the image
shows up like this
on the-- it just
appears on the ultrasound
out of nowhere.
>>NOORY: It was
moving in his body.
>>MARZULLI: That's what
changed Dr. Leir's paradigm--
when he saw that.
He looked at me
and said, LA, I now
believe that there's a
supernatural component
to the UFO phenomena.
And I'm going to
tell [INAUDIBLE].
>>NOORY: Not bad.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
Pretty cool.
>>NOORY: LA, thanks
for being here.
>>MARZULLI: Thank you, George.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: That's an
incredible thing.
"On the Trail of the Nephilim."
On our next "Beyond Belief"
program with LA Marzulli,
we talk about his
"Watchers" series.
You don't want to miss it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]